**SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT**

**I. THE PARTIES**. This Software Development Non-Disclosure Agreement,
hereinafter known as the “Agreement”, is created on the 12th day of April, 2020
by and between Mamoun hourani with Raghad Samii, hereinafter known as the “1st
Party”, and (anyone who access this codes), hereinafter known as the “2nd
Party”, and collectively known as the “Parties”.

WHEREAS, this Agreement is created for the purpose of preventing the
unauthorized disclosure of the confidential and proprietary information
regarding the development of (Ecommerce \| bookshop) with its purpose of online
books selling, hereinafter known as the “Software”. The Parties agree as
follows:

**II. TYPE OF AGREEMENT**.

☒ - **Unilateral** – This Agreement shall be Unilateral, whereas, the 1st Party
shall have sole ownership of the Software with the 2nd Party being prohibited
from disclosing confidential and proprietary information that is to be released
by the 1st Party in an effort to develop the Software.

**III. DEFINITION**. For the purposes of this Agreement, the term “Confidential
Information” shall include, but not be limited to, software products, software
source code or any related codes in all formats, business plans, financial
statements, customers or users, analytical data, documentation, and
correspondences that have not otherwise been made publicly available.

However, Confidential Information does not include:

(a) information generally available to the public;

(b) widely used programming practices or algorithms;

>   (c) information rightfully in the possession of the Parties prior to signing
>   this Agreement; and

>   (d) information independently developed without the use of any of the
>   provided Confidential Information.

**IV. OBLIGATIONS**. The obligations of the Parties shall be to hold and
maintain the Confidential Information in the strictest of confidence at all
times and to their agents, employees, representatives, affiliates, and any other
individual or entity that is on a “need to know” basis. If any such Confidential
Information shall reach a third (3rd) party or become public, all liability will
be on the Party that is responsible. Neither Party shall, without the written
approval of the other Party, publish, copy, or use the Confidential Information
for their sole benefit. If requested, either Party shall be bound to return any
and all materials to the Requesting Party within 12 days.

This Section shall not apply to the 1st Party if this Agreement is Unilateral as
marked in Section II.

**V. TIME PERIOD**. The bounded Party’s(ies’) duty to hold the Confidential
Information in confidence shall remain in effect until such information no
longer qualifies as a trade secret or written notice is given releasing such
Party from this Agreement.

**VI. RELATIONSHIP**. The Parties agree that there is no such statement in this
Agreement that suggests any Party is an employee, partner, or that the Software
is a joint venture. All ownership interests, if any, shall be stated in a
separate agreement.

**VII. SEVERABILITY**. If a court finds that any provision of this Agreement is
invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of this Agreement shall be interpreted
so as best to affect the intent of the Parties.

**VIII. INTEGRATION**. This Agreement expresses the complete understanding of
the Parties with respect to the subject matter and supersedes all prior
proposals, agreements, representations, and understandings. This Agreement may
not be amended except in writing with the acknowledgment of the Parties.

**IX. Enforcement**. The Parties acknowledge and agree that due to the unique
and sensitive nature of the Confidential Information, any breach of this
Agreement would cause irreparable harm for which damages and or equitable relief
may be sought. The harmed Party shall be entitled to all remedies available at
law.

**X. GOVERNING LAW**. This Agreement shall be governed under the laws of
Hashemite Kingdom Of Jordan.

**1st Party’s Signature** [Mamoun](https://esign.com/) Hourani Date 2021/4/12.

Note : By viewing code from any source, or download it , you’re signing to this
contract as a 2nd Party.
